In this video, we're going to take a look
at the behind-the-scenes action with Angular.
Now, when we run the Angular application,
you've probably wondered, "Well, how is it loaded?
"I mean, what happens in the background?"
"How does it get started?"
So when the Angular app is first loaded,
it starts with the index.html file,
and then you see this tag here,
<app-root>. Now you're probably thinking,
"Well, that's not a normal HTML tag," and that's fine.
This is really a custom tag that's used by
Angular and what'll happen is that it'll actually
replace this tag or selector with the
template of the given component.
And you can kind of think of this as like an include.
So it's going to include some content at this given location.
So then you're probably wondering,
"Well where's the <app-root> defined?"
Well, it's defined in a component.
So note here we have this file
and we have an @ component.
So in the Angular world this is called a decorator,
it's very similar to an annotation in the Java world.
So we have @ component and then one of the attributes
for this @ component is selector.
So that's the actual name of that tag
or custom tag that Angular recognizes.
And you could give any name here
as long as you're consistent between the two files.
So this selector app-root, then what content will it use?
Well it will actually use the content here
at this template URL so this template URL
points to a file app.component.html
so that's the content that it's going to include
at that given location.
And then also notice we have a double curly brace
with a given property, so basically here
it's actually going to read this property
from the typescript class or from that related component
and include it here as rendered output.
So when you see this page in a web browser
then it's going to say my first angler project app
is running, yes, yes, success.
Based on what we have here in the component.html
and also the property that it reads
from the actual component class.
So this is kind of the big picture here
on how things work together.
Now there's a lot of other moving parts in the background
but this is just a high level of how this process works.
All righty, so in the next video
we'll actually move into our source code
and we'll explore this a bit further.